README.md, before:

# Apex Legend Chooser

A randomizer website coded with JavaScript (Angular).

![Randomizer Screenshot](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1028104425371340851/1050498208155058266/image.png)

---

## How to use

All you need to do to use this randomizer is to [open the website](https://yoshiboi18303.github.io/Apex-Legend-Chooser/), customize which legend types you want to have chosen from and click the `Select Legend` button, it'll take only a few seconds for it to select a Legend for you to play as.

![Randomizer Demo GIF](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1028104425371340851/1050508102862131320/randomizer-demo.gif)

---

## How to run locally

You'll need to make sure that you have [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org), the Angular CLI from NPM (`npm install -g @angular/cli`) and [Git](https://git-scm.com) installed. You have all of those? Good, let's move on.

---

### Clone the repository

Open your terminal and run `git clone https://github.com/Yoshiboi18303/Apex-Legend-Chooser-Code Apex-Legend-Chooser` then wait for Git to clone the repository.

![GIF Showing First Option](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1028104425371340851/1050530254009147402/Repository_Cloning_Option_1.gif)

> What if I don't want to install Git?

That's fine! There's a second option to clone the repository, follow these instructions.

- 1. Go to [the repository](https://github.com/Yoshiboi18303/Apex-Legend-Chooser-Code).
- 2. Click on the green `Code` button, then click on the `Download ZIP` button
- 3. Find the Zip file, right click on it, and then click on the `Extract All` button.
- 4. Put the files wherever you like, then click on the `Extract` button.

**Boom!** All you'll have to do is wait for the zip file to be extracted, then you can follow along.

![GIF Showing Second Option](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1028104425371340851/1050527493519581235/Repository_Cloning_Option_2.gif)

---

### Serve the website

Make sure your terminal is in the folder you created from cloning the repository (or open one in that folder if you haven't already), then first run `npm install`, then run `ng serve --open`.

> Why use the `serve` command? Because this will build the project and refresh every time you update the source code.

> Why the `--open` option? That's because this will open the website immediately after it's built and the server is up, saving you some time.

---

## View what's to come

Go **[here](https://trello.com/b/AW6XJ9gR/apex-legend-chooser)** to see what's to come/being developed!

Commit message:

Add deprecated message
Final commit

README.md, after:

# Apex Legend Chooser

A randomizer website coded with JavaScript (Angular).

![Randomizer Screenshot](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1028104425371340851/1050498208155058266/image.png)

---

## Deprecated

This app will no longer be maintained as it has been moved from Angular to React, however the old app will still be available to access, and the source code will stay on here for you to work with.

If you want to try out the new app, check out the [repository](https://github.com/Yoshiboi18303/apex-mini-randomizer), thank you for your understanding.

**Please note this was a hard decision for me, so please don't harass me for not liking Angular.**

---

## How to use

All you need to do to use this randomizer is to [open the website](https://yoshiboi18303.github.io/Apex-Legend-Chooser/), customize which legend types you want to have chosen from and click the `Select Legend` button, it'll take only a few seconds for it to select a Legend for you to play as.

![Randomizer Demo GIF](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1028104425371340851/1050508102862131320/randomizer-demo.gif)

---

## How to run locally

You'll need to make sure that you have [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org), the Angular CLI from NPM (`npm install -g @angular/cli`) and [Git](https://git-scm.com) installed. You have all of those? Good, let's move on.

---

### Clone the repository

Open your terminal and run `git clone https://github.com/Yoshiboi18303/Apex-Legend-Chooser-Code Apex-Legend-Chooser` then wait for Git to clone the repository.

![GIF Showing First Option](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1028104425371340851/1050530254009147402/Repository_Cloning_Option_1.gif)

> What if I don't want to install Git?

That's fine! There's a second option to clone the repository, follow these instructions.

- 1. Go to [the repository](https://github.com/Yoshiboi18303/Apex-Legend-Chooser-Code).
- 2. Click on the green `Code` button, then click on the `Download ZIP` button
- 3. Find the Zip file, right click on it, and then click on the `Extract All` button.
- 4. Put the files wherever you like, then click on the `Extract` button.

**Boom!** All you'll have to do is wait for the zip file to be extracted, then you can follow along.

![GIF Showing Second Option](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1028104425371340851/1050527493519581235/Repository_Cloning_Option_2.gif)

---

### Serve the website

Make sure your terminal is in the folder you created from cloning the repository (or open one in that folder if you haven't already), then first run `npm install`, then run `ng serve --open`.

> Why use the `serve` command? Because this will build the project and refresh every time you update the source code.

> Why the `--open` option? That's because this will open the website immediately after it's built and the server is up, saving you some time.

---

## View what's to come

Go **[here](https://trello.com/b/AW6XJ9gR/apex-legend-chooser)** to see what's to come/being developed!
